  Our project consisted of using an arduino to control a Tello drone. The hardware we used on the arduino was a gyroscope, two buttons, and a XBEE radio. The gyroscope was used to measure the tilt of our arduino. The arduino code filters through the gyroscope measurements and sends commands to the XBEE radio. For example, if the arduino is tilted forward between 90 and 45 degrees the command MOVE FORWARD is sent to the XBEE radio base station. The commands our arduino supports are MOVE FORWARD, MOVE BACKWARD, LEFT, RIGHT, UP, DOWN, ROTATE COUNTER CLOCKWISE, ROTATE CLOCKWISE, TAKE OFF, and LAND. These commands are sent to a python program that receives input from the XBEE radio base station. The python program uses the djtellopy python library to connect to the Tello drone. The program sends commands to the drone that correlate with the commands sent from the arduino. Two buttons on our arduino are used for the commands TAKE OFF, UP, and DOWN. Both buttons pressed at the same time will make the drone TAKE OFF or LAND depending on if the drone is in an on or off state. Pressing just the right button will make the drone fly up and pressing just the left button will make the drone move down. Our project incorporates sensors from our drone, recording the battery percentage, the temperature, and current height of the drone. A thread is used in our program to record these values from the drone and print them to the terminal every five seconds. The thread continuously records these values while the drone is flying. A temperature sensor is built into our gyroscope on the arduino as well. We have a condition while the drone is flying that if the temperature sensor on the gyroscope reaches 70 degrees Celsius then the drone lands.
